Sentry lets you identify and fix
production errors across every
application in your stack start by
installing the appropriate SDK for your
platform or platforms once this is done
all unhandled exceptions are
automatically captured by century and
individual errors are rolled up into
larger issues that allow you to see the
impact of specific problems examine the
stack trace get added context about the
application state and connect the issue
to the commit that likely caused it
since we're full stack if a front-end
error is caused by something broken in
your back-end code you can trace that
within century you can assign these
issues to a developer or team directly
within century or through an issue
tracker and will send you notifications
about problems via alerts that you fully
control century fix problems shipboard
code take the occasional nap